HTTP Request Header:

POST http://www.webservicex.net/geoipservice.asmx HTTP/1.1

   - HTTP request verb POST with IP address of www.bbc.co.uk
     sends this data over to the server and requests a GET for
     the data associated with that information.

Accept-Encoding: gzip, deflate

   - This request lists the content-coding that is acceptable 
     to be received from the response.

Content-Type: text/xml; charset=UTF-8

   - This tells the server what media type is being sent to
      it through the POST request. In this case it is text/xml
      with UTF-8 character encoding for Unicode.

SOAPAction: "http://www.webservicex.net/GetGeoIP"

   - Lets the server know that this is a SOAP HTTP request
     intended for the specific URI as the expected resource
     the request wants to communicate with.

Content-Length: 317

   - The size of this HTTP request message to the server
      is 317 octets.

Host: www.webservice.net

   - Specifies the internet host that the resource is located
     or the gateway to the resource being requested. 

Connection: Keep-Alive

   - Use persistent connection that will not automatically close
     once the TCP handshake is complete. Keep it open so that
     multiple messages can continue to be sent across without
     starting a new connection.

User-Agent: Apache-HttpClient/4.1.1 (java 1.5)

   - What software and version the user agent is running, to let
     the server know for informational purposes.



HTTP Response Header:

X-AspNet-Version	4.0.30319

   - Information about the web server and what version of
     asp.net it is using

Vary			Accept-Encoding

   - The server response is indicating that there entity-body
     has multiple sources and can give different content to 
     clients that accept certain types of content-coding.

Date			Sun, 09 Feb 2015 04:21:53 GMT

   - Shows the date the response message was generated in
     Greenwich Mean Time.

Content-Length		403

   - Sends the size of the response message in decimal octets.

#status#		HTTP/1.1 200 OK

   - The message sent to the server was successfully received 

Content-Encoding	gzip

   - This gives the type of content-coding the entity being 
     sent back and what means of decoding the message is 
     necessary to read and display the resource.

Content-Type		text/xml; charset=utf-8

   - Lists the type of media of the entity-body being sent
     back to the recipient. In this case it is text/xml format
     with character encoding UTF-8 for Unicode.

Server			Microsoft-IIS/7.0

   - Gives some information about the server that is sending
     back the response and what software is running on it.

X-Powered-By		ASP.NET

   - Gives information about the web server. It runs ASP.NET

Cache-Control		private, max-age=0

   - This says that the message is intended for a single user
     and cannot be cached by shared cache. And the age of the 
     response must be immediate.
